DOC-2048: Added TINY-9812 to the release notes. (#2753)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following bug fixes:

> === Links (a:link) were always using Times New Roman font-family ignoring the font family used in the original document.
> //#TINY-9812
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, an issue related to the "a:link" selector in the CSS received from Word was identified. The problem arose when content containing links was pasted from a Microsoft Word file into the editor while the powerpaste plugin was enabled.
> 
> As a consequence, the links would consistently adopt the Times New Roman font family within the editor, which did not always match the font family used in the original Word document. To address this, {productname} added a fix by removing the default styling applied by Word during the paste operation.
> 
> This change ensured that links copied from Word using powerpaste now correctly utilize the appropriate font family, matching the font used in the MS Word document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Text within anchor tags, <a>, presented with the Times New Roman font-family, ignoring the font family used in the original document.
//#TINY-9812

In previous versions of {productname}, an issue related to the `a:link` selector in the CSS received from Microsoft Word was identified.

When content containing links was pasted from a Microsoft Word file into a {productname} instance running the xref:introduction-to-powerpaste.adoc[PowerPaste] plugin, the pasted-in link text rendered using the Times New Roman font family. And it presented thus no matter the typeface set for this text in the original Microsoft Word document.

To work around this, {productname} 6.5 removes the default CSS styling applied by Microsoft Word during the paste operation.

With this change, link text copied from Microsoft Word using the PowerPaste plugin now uses the font-family matching that used in the source document.
```

Various edits and copy-edits, including edits to cater to [Microsoft’s Trademark and Brand usage guidelines](https://microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/Trademarks/).
